Sephora has just launched another
amazing tutorial set the flatter
yourself contouring brush set contouring
and highlighting can be a little bit
confusing at home but not with this set
it has three brushes that are easy to
use and I'm going to show you some tips
that you can use at home to achieve this
look so the first one is this angled
blush brush now you want to make sure
before you start contouring and
highlighting that you've already prepped
your skin with any primer or foundation
now it's important when you're
contouring that you choose either a
bronzer or a powder based foundation
that's at least three shades darker than
your skin tone so what you want to do is
start by applying product to the base of
the brush and then work in areas like
the base of your cheekbone and along
your jaw line if you can't find your
cheekbone make that funny fish face and
that will help guide the placement the
next one is the buffing brush and this
is where you can continue the
application you want to make sure you
apply product to the full surface of the
flat head and then start working in
along the jaw line in the forehead area
and you can even do this on your
decollete in the summer and then lastly
is the stippling brush it's really
important with contouring that you blend
out this brush is super soft and when
you apply it in these kind of either
large sweeps or circular motion it's
really gonna help blend the products
together because you don't want there to
be any obvious lines and then once
you've contoured you want to start
highlighting so you can use your
favorite powder base highlighter focus
on the areas of the center of the face
like the center of your forehead bridge
of your nose around the base of your
brow bone and cheek bone and even the
center of your lip around the Cupid's
bow this is awesome and it's super easy
now the one thing I love about this set
and all Sephora sets is that they have a
great bag so you can carry your brushes
great for on-the-go they have a tip card
on the inside which walks you through
everything I just talked about it also
comes with a packet of blotters which
you know bronzing in the summer is super
popular but our skin can be a little
oily simply take the blotter and you
want to focus on the areas of the t-zone
that's typically where you see the most
shine and this will help your makeup
look lasts all day long which is amazing
thanks for stopping by